1) Objective description.

Create architecture and design of internet banking system with a backend for data warehousing and analytics.
Data analysis consists of assessing bank service transactions, such as funds transfer, loan applications, bill payments etc.
System should provide flexible data reports.
System should be easily maintained and run in cloud environment.

2) Objective analysis.

Modern online services are customer-centric and require flexible, dynamic approach for handling requests, 
recording as much data as possible, to better identify customer needs, thus providing better service experience.

They should be scalable,self-contained fail-safe and able to handle substantial network load.

To address issues above, I would propose microservices-based architecture with No-SQL datastore and EIP framework for external service communications.

Because system to be developed should be part of the existing IT landscape, implementing it as self-contained microservice would minimize deployment times and integration with existing services.

Because of dynamic nature of the data, No-SQL datastore is preferrable over traditional one - it would allow faster data migrations and adaptation to business needs. 

EIP framework would facilitate integration with existing systems.

For easy deployment management, I chose Maven and Vagrant for SCM and provisioning operations.

Additionally, if complex analytics and reporting would be required, I would propose extending system with Apache Hadoop solution. 

3) Technology stack

1. Programming language : Java 1.8 (1.8  was chosen because it's production stable and contains many features which would ease the development (streams, lambdas etc.) )

2. System core - Spring Framework

Spring Framework is stable, mature and robust product, which is well-documented and known to programming communities worldwide.

3. Microservice core - Spring Boot

Being part of Spring Framework, Spring Boot is good for rapid application prototype development, adding many useful features out-of-the-box, with minimal necessary configuration.

4. Datastore - MongoDB

MongoDB is document-based NoSQL database, suitable for handling large amounts of dynamic data. It's fail-safe via it's sharding mechanism, has established community and good support, and it's aggregation pipeline
and mapreduce techniques provide good reporting possibilities.

5. EIP framework - Apache Camel

Camel routing and mediation engine would ease integration with existing systems, allowing easy usage of any EIP we might need (message delivery, transformation, failovers etc.) 

6. SCM - Apache Maven

Maven is proven SCM framework, with very good plugin support.

7. Provisioning - Vagrant

Vagrant is great for provisioning microservice-based applications, providing readily-available, isolated work environments.

8. Complex analytics - Apache Hadoop

Out of scope for the purpose of this demo.

9) PaaS - Heroku

Good for developing small application prototypes, for production-grade application I would suggest Amazon EC2 or similar.
